The pinch and sting!
[grunts]
-[both groan in frustration]
-The Pounder grounder!
[crowd] Mangle! Mangle! Mangle...
Robo-Robozuna!
Mangle uses the Team Natrix moves
against them to win round three
and the game!
This can never happen again.
Do you understand?
I don't like losers
and neither do the people.
People need real heroes in these times
and we have to supply them.
We must dominate always, or people
will find their heroes elsewhere.
The next time you play Team Veredus,
I want them destroyed!
But we won't be playing them again
for over a month.
That's changed. You'll be
playing them a little sooner now.
In fact, you'll be playing them today
at Sutrium Arena.
Sutrium?
Isn't that the arena
with all the dangerous obstacles?
Yes, and they'll be even more dangerous
once you sabotage the obstacles,
so that you can control them.
Ah, that should work. [chuckles]
And if it doesn't, I have a special
surprise lined up for Team Veredus.
[cackles]
We should fix the sensors on Mangle's
shoulder joint before we reattach it.
No. We do that after we reattach the arm.
Who taught you how to work on robots?
Believe me, he was a lot better than
whoever taught you,
because, as everyone knows,
you do the fixing first!
After!
-Wrong!
-Right!
Guys, a little teamwork?
[grunts] Teamwork? But he said to...
Whoa! [groans]
Dad! So, how'd it go?
The call?
Yeah, do we have a sponsor?
Maybe, maybe not.
I thought we had a deal,
but Evete Neern called back.
She's not sure. Said she'd do it,
but only if we win today's game.
No problem. We're playing Team Pavonis.
Last place team. Easy win!
Yes! Going to have a sponsor!
And soon going to be out of the Border
League and in the Latium League!
[Zeve] Losers!
-Hi, guys.
-[Ariston] Zeve? Gizi?
What are you doing here?
You haven't heard?
Aw! A little problem with Team Pavonis.
Last-minute inspection of their workshop
turned up violations
of all sorts of Robozuna regulations.
Naturally, they're claiming sabotage.
Huh! Losers.
[Gizi] But these things
can take a while to investigate,
so, in the meantime, Team Natrix
graciously offered to take their place.
Now you're playing us!
Fun, huh?
We get a rematch, teach you a lesson
and this time, we got the bots to do it.
Slicer!
The Slice-maker!
Thrasher!
The Thrasher-basher!
Crusher!
The Crush-and-mush!
[gasping]
[groans]
See you on the playing field.
[frustrated grunt] All our practising
and planning's been for the wrong team!
And if we lose this game,
we don't get a sponsor.
And without the extra money
a sponsor brings,
we can't afford all this.
We can't afford to play Robozuna.
On the plus side, we saw their bots.
We just need a new strategy.
On the minus side,
we need more than a new strategy.
We need a new shoulder joint for Mangle.
The old one, missing.
Shoulder joint, souvenir?
Nah. Trash.
[grunts]
[cackles]
Official Corvus business. Stand down.
Nyah!
[gasps]
[both sigh]
Our secret weapon.
[computer] Reprogramming initiated.
You know,
when we don't play fair like this,
sometimes, it makes me wonder...
Makes you wonder what?
Makes me wonder
why we don't do it more often!
[computer] Reprogramming completed.
[guffaws]
[sighs] Sorry, sold
the last shoulder joint just moments ago.
Oh, wait! Might have something.
Let's have a look. No... Maybe. Ah!
Glue?
Special stuff, super-adhesive and elastic.
Coat the joint with it,
set the shoulder immediately
and then rotate the joint continuously
for, er, half an hour.
That might get you
through a round or two.
-Thanks!
-Love you, Rafie!
Mangle love, too.
It's super-expensive, too!
I'll... I'll put it on your tab.
Well, Spanner,
it's only the middle of round one
and Team Natrix looks fired up
to avenge that last upsetting loss
to Team Veredus.
Right you are, Slick!
They want this one bad!
But they'd better watch out
for Sutrium Arena's obstacles,
like the Pit of Peril
that randomly opens up,
filled with spinning,
razor-sharp metal shredders.
Or the Doom Disk that can randomly fly
out of nowhere, choppin' a bot in half!
-Boom!
-Argh!
Oh-oh-oh! Will you look at that?
Clunk has the thudball
and looks like he's about to score!
Oh! Poor Clunk,
every time he gets the ball, wham!
Thrasher smacks it loose
with that monster mallet.
[grunts] Rafie said rotate it this way!
He didn't say which way,
but it's not that way.
It's this way!
Thrasher want thudball.
Yeah, don't think you need a special
crystal in your head to know that.
Now, hold on.
Need to rotate your arm and...
Clunk should give Thrasher thudball!
That's it! Mangle's right!
We know that Thrasher can hit.
Let's see if he can catch.
Clunk! Give Thrasher the ball,
hard and fast!
Gotcha! Rerouting extra power
to Clunk's throwing arm.
Thrasher-basher!
Clunk, Mangle, teamwork.
-Yeah, yeah.
-We get it.
[Slick] Clunk has the thudball again,
and this time, there's no way to stop him!
[chuckles] We'll see about that.
[blades whirring]
[gasps]
Uh-oh!
[crowd] Clunk! Clunk! Clunk! Clunk! Clunk!
[cheering]
[grunts]
Unbelievable! Clunk scores!
-Team Veredus wins round one!
-Nice timing.
Ha-ha! Way to go, Clunk!
Knew you could do it!
Hm. Teamwork not so good.
[Slick] So far in round two,
neither team's given an inch.
But Mangle looks to have
the upper hand right now.
Mangle take ball.
Huh?
Oh.
[cheering]
The Slice-maker!
You said Rafie told you
30 minutes' continuous rotation?
Uh-huh. Well, we did, sort of...
Yeah! Okay, okay, we messed up.
Mangle not give up.
Mangle stop Slicer.
Mangle... [groans]
[cheering]
[electronic gibbering]
[Slick] Slicer scores
and this Robozuna game is all tied up,
all thanks to a random flying Doom Disk!
Random? Give a girl some credit.
Lucky break for Natrix.
Yeah, lucky break.
It's nothing to do with luck.
We had our chance. We had Slicer down.
And we could have had the ball, too,
if you two... oh, I don't know,
instead of trying to prove who was right,
maybe do what you were supposed to do:
repair Mangle.
[electronic gibbering]
You're right. We messed up.
[both] Sorry, Mangle.
But hey, game's not over!
Yeah, still have a chance!
Hey, Danuve!
Uh, I mean, Aunt Danuvia.
[nervous chuckle]
Uh, nice job, huh? Game's all tied up.
Because you lost the first round!
Doesn't matter.
Like I told you,
I have a little surprise for Team Veredus.
Here! You'll need this.
[Slick]
And taking the field for Team Veredus,
in this last decisive round
between two teams
that are fast becoming bitter rivals,
is the volt-jolting, firmware-frying,
always-electrifying Spark!
And for Team Natrix...
Uh, I don't see a player.
Looks like Team Natrix
is making a surprise substitution.
Oh! They are, indeed!
Ladies and gentlemen...
substituting for Crusher
and making his Robozuna debut,
please welcome...
Mega-Batabot!
[roars]
[grunts]
[gibbers aggressively]
[comms bleep]
Uh, Ms Neern.
[Evete] Oh, darling, please call me Evete.
I'm so terribly sorry.
I've been running late all day
and I have only just arrived.
But I have been watching the game.
Are you going to beat this Mega-Batabot,
or what?
Yeah, sure, Ms Neern. Not a problem!
[Evete] Oh, wonderful, wonderful,
because if you don't win, there's no deal.
[Slick] Game on! Round three!
-The tie-breaker!
-[buzzer]
[yells and growls]
Oh-ho-ho!
[grunts and cackles]
[growls]
[grunts]
Get ready for the Mega-claw-Mega-saw!
[cackles]
The taser-jab!
[gibbers and grunts]
Mega-Batabot! Mega-charge!
[grunts and roars]
[grunts]
Spark, hold your taser fire!
You'll only make him stronger!
Make him stronger? [laughs] Yes!
Let's power up this bad boy,
see what he can do!
[roars and cackles]
[groans]
[cackles and roars]
[both gasp]
Uh, that's a good thing, right?
Mega-Batabot. Mega-rampage!
[roars and grunts]
Whoa! And time out's been called
by Team Natrix!
No doubt to corral
their rogue Mega-Batabot
for the safety of the community.
Not quite, Slick.
They're using the time out
to make another substitution.
Now it's going to be Combatabot Crusher,
taking the field
to finish off round three!
The Marketplace!
It's right in Mega-Batabot's path!
We're going to need the whole team!
Grab Spark.
We're forfeiting?
I thought that was forbidden.
Not forfeiting.
Spark, give Scramble the thudball!
Huh, no worries.
Oh, yeah! You'll need this.
[electronic gibbering]
But if we lose, that'll mean no sponsor.
No more Robozuna!
Really think Scramble has a shot?
No, but sometimes
you got to make choices.
Come on, Chike, let's go!
We've got a Mega-Batabot to stop!
Right. Lead the way.
[Slick] And it looks like Team Veredus
has countered with their own substitution.
Scramble! Wait, Scramble? The crashbot?
Game back on!
The Crush-and-mush!
[electronic gibbering]
[burps]
[electronic whimpering]
[growls] Mega-Batabot!
[grunts and growls]
Mega-rampage! [grunts]
[grunts]
Mega-charge! [grunts]
-Run!
-Out of my way!
-[man] Help!
-[woman] Run!
Mega-Batabot trouble.
Mega-trouble!
Mangle's right
and there's no playbook for this.
We'll evacuate the crowd.
Clunk, Mangle, slow Mega-Batabot down
until we can lend you a hand.
Hm. Hm.
Well, you know what I mean.
[electronic squealing]
Why isn't Crusher going for the score?
What's your hurry? [chuckles]
This is fun.
The fans love this kind of stuff!
[screaming and gasping]
[screaming]
[grunts and gasps]
Spark! The taser-jab!
[gasps and pants]
Don't worry. You're safe with us.
Ariston, what now?
-Let's get her over here.
-I'm with you.
Oh thank you. Thank you. [pants]
Oh, you two are part of Team Veredus.
That's right.
[gasping]
[growls]
Mega-charge! [grunts]
Quick! Over here!
Spark, no! Not your taser-fists.
Chike's right!
They'll only make things worse!
[growls and grunts]
[grunts angrily]
Mega-charge!
[yells]
[grunts]
[screaming]
[grunts] Mega-charge! Mega-charge!
Looks like Mega-Batabot's
getting a little over-charged.
That's it! Spark's zaps
overloads Mega-Batabot's circuits.
Game over.
Right. Boosting taser fists
to full power... to the max!
[zooming and crackling]
[gibbers and growls]
[grunts]
[gibbers and grunts]
-Agh!
-[chuckles]
[roars]
[groans and cackles]
Yes! It's working!
Yeah.
-Oh, yeah.
-[grunting]
Almost worked
but can't risk getting that close again.
Mangle have plan.
Teamwork.
[grunting]
[growls]
[Mega-Batabot grunts and mumbles]
Mangle taser-jab!
[grunts and groans]
Game over.
-[electronic gibbering]
-[cheering]
[Zeve chuckles]
-Zeve!
-Huh?
Oh! Crusher, get off your butt and score!
[electronic grunting]
[electronic squealing]
[grunts]
[Slick] Oh! Crusher crushes it,
scoring to win the round and the game!
-[electronic sobbing]
-[crowd chant] Team Veredus! Team Veredus!
-Oh, right!
-Yes!
[Slick]
And just listen to that crowd cheer.
Only they're not cheering for Team Natrix,
they're cheering for...
-Yeah!
-Team Veredus!
[Slick] Team Veredus,
today's true Robozuna heroes!
[crowd] Team Veredus! Team Veredus!
-Lanista.
-Evete.
I know, I know, we had a deal.
We don't win, you don't sponsor.
I understand.
-Really, darling, I don't think you do.
-Hm?
These three just saved my life.
And, oh, my, will you just listen
to that marvellous crowd?
They love, love you.
Who cares if you didn't win the game?
You've won over the fans!
Congratulation, Team Veredus.
You now have a sponsor!
Mwah! Mwah! Mwah!
[comms bleep]
Dr Naron, I do hope this is good news.
[Dr Naron] It is.
My fellow researchers at the Facility
believe Project Evolution is ready.
Oh, good.
[cackles]